(1) 3 3/4 Cups - Bread Flour - "Choose by availability: 1. Antimo Caputo ""00"" Chefs Flour (Amazon) OR 2. King Arthur Bread Flour OR 3. All Purpose Flour. Cup - American Cup measure."
(2) 1 1/2 Cup	Drinking Water	I use drinking water from Refrigerator
(3) 1 Packet	Instant or Active Dry Yeast	"Fleischmann's Instant Dry Yeast.  If you can't get yeast in packets, use 2 teaspoons (American Teaspoon measure) of Yeast.
(4) 1 Teaspoon	Sugar	American Teaspoon measure
(5) 2 Teaspoons	Salt	American Teaspoon measure
(6) 2 Tablespoons	Olive Oil	American Tablespoon measure
(7) Spread as Required	Pizza Sauce	You should get it from Harris Teeter/Giant.  You can make it if you can.
(8) Spread as Required	Shredded Mozzarella Cheese	You should get it from Harris Teeter/Giant. 
(9) Spread as Required	Toppings	Mushrooms, Olives, Green/Red Pepper cut thin slices

Making Pizza Dough	
1	Warm Water in Microwave.  Try 40 sec.  Check to ensure water is warm and not hot.  Heat will kill Yeast.  Cold water will not activate the yeast.
2	Add Sugar and Yeast.  Mix the contents in Water thoroughly.  Keep at aside for 10 min
3	If the Water foams, then it means Yeast is activated.  If not, get new Yeast or Water is too hot or not warm enough.  If Yeast is not activated, you need start from Step 1 again.
4	Add Oil to the Foamed Water.  Mix it.
5	Add Salt to Flour.  Mix the content.
6	Add Foamed Water to Flour.
7	Knead the pizza dough on low to medium speed using the dough hook (KitchenAid) about 7-10 minutes.  You can also use your hands.
8	The dough should be a little sticky to the touch. If it's too wet, use little more flour.
9	Let the dough rise.  Take a bowl, make it greasy using touch of olive oil.  Place the dough in bowl.  Cover it with plastic food wrap. 
10	Heat the oven at min temp (175 F).  Off the oven.  Place the bowl with the dough in the oven.  Set it aside for 2 hours.  If not required, you can proof the dough in Refrigerator for 1 to 3 days.

Preparing the pizza	
1	Divide the dough into 2 balls.
2	Place each in its own bowl, cover with plastic and let sit for 15 minutes (or up to 2 hours).
3	Take 1 dough, Flatten it.  I do that on Non Stick Oven Pan.  I flip the pan upside down.  Flatten on top of the pan using hands.  Make holes on the flattened dough using Fork.
4	Add olive oil.  Add Pizza Sause sparingly.  Add light spread of Cheese.  Add Toppings.  Add more Cheese.
5	Heat the Oven 475 F.
6	Place the Oven Plan with Pizza on Top of it in the Oven.  Check after 10 min.
7	Remove the pizza from the Oven.  Place the Pizza on Sieve/Wire Rack to Rest for few min before you cut into Pieces.  Avoid cutting the Pizza right away.
	
Tips: Secrets to making the best Pizza	
1	Using the right flour. Caputo or Bread flour has more protein than All Purpose Flour.  If you are using All Purpose Flour, you can try adding milk instead of water and egg for Protein. 
2	Making Yeast Live.  People mess this up by using either Hot Water, Cold Water, Dead Yeast, Adding Salt etc.
3	Kneading the Flour.  Check in YouTube what should be final product.
4	Proofing the Dough.  Minimum 2 hours is needed.  Further proofing of dough balls is needed.  More time proofing, 1 day to 3 days increases the pizza taste.
5	Avoid Pizza Dough being raw.  After flattening the dough for Pizza Crust, make holes using the Fork.  This ensures passing of heat into the pizza crust.
6	Avoid Soggy Pizza.  Use minimum pizza sauce.
7	Avoid burning the pizza.  After 10 min in Oven, keep a watch.
8	Avoid cutting the Pizza right after taking out from Oven.  Place the Pizza on Sieve/Wire Rack after taking the Pizza from the Oven for few min to cool down.  
